<!-- Source: https://docs.neox.vn/docs/disbursement/integration/currency-conversion-api -->

## 
Usage
  * This is the API to convert a currency to VND.
  * Sequence Diagram 


Conversion flow
  * Step 1: Merchant calls to get list of exchange rates.
  * Step 2: Merchant call Exchange API. If returned status is PASSED, NeoX will process
the request and notify the result via .


## 
API
  * Path: _/v2/dib/exchange/{srcCurrency}-(dstCurrency}_
  * Method: POST
  * Request: Content-Type: application/json 
  * Url Params:
_srcCurrency_ : Currency code supported by NeoX.
_dstCurrency_ : Only support VND in this version.


Ex: _/v2/dib/exchange/USD-VND_
### 
Request
Parameter
Data Type 
Require
Description
requestId 
String 
check
UUID is generated by merchant. (Unique) 
Exp:“90e7340b-5cbe-4ce7-886f-55181040af4f” 
amount 
Number 
check
The amount
currency
String
check
The currency of the amount (srcCurrency or dstCurrency) is used for calculating the origin amount and target amount
description
String (256)
Description
### 
Response
Field name
Data Type 
Description
code 
Number 
System’s error code 
message 
String 
Error description 
data 
Object
Exchange response data below.
Exchange response data:
Field name
Data Type 
Description
requestId 
String 
requestId in the exchange request.
status 
String 
_PASSED_ : Request successfully. Wait for result notification through . _FAILED_ : Submit request failed.
code 
Number
Logic's error code
[PreviousInquiry bank account APIchevron-left](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/disbursement/integration/inquiry-bank-account-api)[NextEvent Notificationchevron-right](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/disbursement/integration/event-notification)
Last updated 2 years ago
Was this helpful?
