<!-- Source: https://docs.neox.vn/docs/payment-gateway/transaction-management/query-dr -->

### 
Structure of QueryDR Request
https://neopay-domain?[key1=value]&[key2=value]&... (below table is the description of key and value, no ordering required)
### 
Table of Parameter
Parameter
Data type
Required
Description
neo_MerchantCode
String
The merchant code is provided by NeoX
neo_Version
String
Version of API, "1" as default
neo_Command
String
“QUERY_DR” as default
neo_MerchantTxnID
String
Unique - The merchant transaction ID is provided by merchant
neo_SecureHash
String
Use **SHA256** to hash the above parameters (sort the key by Alphabet order) + Secret Key (is provided by NeoX after actual integrating)
### 
Table of Data Response
Parameter
Data type
Description
neo_DRExists
String
Indicate that transaction exists or not. - Y: transaction existed - N: transaction is not exists
neo_ResponseCode
Number
Result of transaction: 0: transaction success != 0: transaction failed, refer to 
neo_ResponseMsg
String
Error description.
neo_MerchantCode
String
The merchant code is provided by NeoX.
neo_Currency
String
Transaction currency, default is “VND”
neo_Locale
String
The language will use on payment page, support: “vi”, “en".
neo_Version
String
Payment gateway version, “1” as default
neo_Command
String
"PAY" as default.
neo_Amount
Number
Order amount.
neo_MerchantTxnID
String
Transaction ID is provided by merchant, it must be unique on merchant’s system and on each request, accept only characters, numerics and list of symbols: “-”, “_”.
neo_OrderID
String
Order ID of the transaction, only accept characters, numerics and list of symbols: “-”, “_”.
neo_OrderInfo
String
Order information, max length 256
neo_TransactionID
String
Unique - Transaction ID is generated by NeoX.
neo_TransAmount
number
Transaction amount (partial payment).
neo_ExtData
Object
Extra data of transaction.
_Note: Should call this API 5 mins after payment made._
[PreviousTransaction Managementchevron-left](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/payment-gateway/transaction-management)[NextCancelchevron-right](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/payment-gateway/transaction-management/cancel)
Last updated 1 year ago
Was this helpful?
