<!-- Source: https://docs.neox.vn/docs/collections/integration/virtual-accounts/api-create-list-of-virtual-accounts -->

  * This is the API used to create a list of virtual accounts in the collection service.


### 
Sequence Diagram:
  * API:
    * Path: _v2/col/requests_
    * Method: _POST_
    * Request: Content-Type: _application/json_


### 
**Request Parameter**
Parameter
Data Type
Required
Description
requestId
String
The ID of the request.
(UUID is generated by merchant)
virtualAccounts
Array
The array contains the list of virtual accounts.
Refer to 
#### 
VirtualAccounts
Parameter
Data Type
Required
Description
accountName
String
Bank account name Validate [A-Z0-9]{5,200}
virtualAccountRequestId
String
The ID of seller/business is provided by merchant. This value is unique.
accountAddress
String
The address of account.
(includes the district, province)
frontIdCard
String
The file name of photo of the front of the ID card
backIdCard
String
The file name of photo of the back of the ID card
profileImg
String
The file name of portrait
businessRegistration
String
The file name of the business license.
serviceInformation
Object
Extra data about VA for classification purpose. Refer: 
profileData
Object
Virtual account profile data. Refer: 
#### 
ServiceInformation
Parameter
Data Type
Required
Description
code
String(20) (alphanumeric)
Service code which is defined by the merchants. This code will be used to filter the VAs and grouped Reconciliations on Merchant Portal
groupId
String(20) (alphanumeric)
Id of VA group which is defined by the merchants. This id will be used to filter the VAs on Merchant Portal
desc
String(255)
Description of VA
#### 
ProfileData
Parameter
Data Type
Required
Description
merchantId
String
Is the ID that has been retrieved by the PSP's system, allocated to the particular merchant
merchantName
String
Merchant Name is the registered name, has been retrieved from PSP's system
merchantAddress
String
Is the address that Merchant has registered with the PSP platform
tcAcceptantDate
Datetime String (ISO 8601)
Is the time when the merchant has accepted the Terms and Conditions to use the service provided by PSP
legalRepresentative
String
Full name of the legal representative of the merchant
dob
Datetime String (ISO 8601)
Day of birth of legal representative/contact person
nationalIdNumber
String
National ID/Passport of the legal representative of the merchant
nationality
String
Nationality of the legal representative of the merchant
industrySegment
String
Based on the existing PSP system industry classification, the merchant needs to be classified into a particular industry segment.
businessType
String
Company/Individual
businessLicenseNumber
String
The license number presented in the business license has been submitted to the PSP while on board the merchant
ecomSite
String
Ecommerce Site (eg: "SHOPEE", "AMAZON", etc)
shopName
String
Shop name on ecommerce site
shopUrl
String
Shop URL
### 
**Response Data**
Parameter
Data Type
Description
code
Number
Error code, refer to [table of error codesarrow-up-right](https://github.com/neopayvn/neox-gitbook-documents-v1/blob/main/collections/integration/virtual-accounts/error-codes.md).
data
Object
Ref to object.
message
String
Error description.
#### 
data object
Parameter
Data Type
Description
requestId
String
The requestId in the request body.
merchantId
String
The ID of the merchant
status
String
The status of virtual account creation request. _PASSED: Waiting for approval_ _FAILED: Failed request_
message
String
Error message detail.
[PreviousAPIs for virtual accounts managementchevron-left](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/collections/integration/virtual-accounts)[NextAPI update KYC virtual account informationchevron-right](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/collections/integration/virtual-accounts/api-update-kyc-virtual-account-information)
Last updated 9 months ago
Was this helpful?
