<!-- Source: https://docs.neox.vn/docs/payment-gateway/integrations/refund/ipn -->

### 
Instant Payment Notification
Merchant receive refund result. Similar to [IPN](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/payment-gateway/transaction-management/ipn)
Merchant has to respond to NeoX following the structure when receiving IPN.
#### 
IPN verification
Merchant needs to build a hashed string follow above guide and compare to received _neo_SecureHash_ parameter
Method: POST
### 
NeoX's IPN data
Parameter
Data type
Description
neo_MerchantCode
String
The merchant code is provided by NeoX.
neo_Command
String
"REFUND"
neo_OrderID
String
Order ID
neo_PaymentID
String
ID of payment record
neo_RequestID
String
Request ID sent to NeoX in refund request
neo_TransactionID
String
Unique - Transaction ID is generated by NeoX.
neo_Amount
Number
Refund amount.
neo_Fee
Number
Refund fee
neo_Version
String
Payment gateway version, “1” as default
neo_ResponseCode
Number
Result of transaction: 0: transaction success != 0: transaction failed, refer to 
neo_ResponseMsg
String
Error description.
neo_SecureHash
String
Use **SHA256** to hash the above parameters (sort the key by Alphabet order) + Secret Key (is provided by NeoX after actual integrating).
Copy
```
  "neo_MerchantCode": "UFLIYL",
  "neo_Command": "REFUND",
  "neo_OrderID": "DH7255715767",
  "neo_PaymentID": "1439211",
  "neo_RequestID": "a68de39f-ea76-43fb-848f-b605b4aaf44e",
  "neo_TransactionID": "XBSKM1OELUDU",
  "neo_Amount": 10000,
  "neo_Fee": 3300,
  "neo_Version": "1",
  "neo_ResponseCode": 0,
  "neo_ResponseMsg": "Success",
  "neo_SecureHash": "3C97E508CBED7561759D049C5FA58BE2DE455EA4E7EE07B1DFDF2AFC4783E144"

```

### 
Merchant response
Parameter
Data type
Description
respcode
Number
  * 0: Successful, merchant received IPN.
  * 1: Failed, NeoX will retry the IPN. 


respmsg
String
Error message. Default is “ _received_ ”
[PreviousAPIschevron-left](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/payment-gateway/integrations/refund/apis)[NextTransaction Managementchevron-right](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/payment-gateway/transaction-management)
Last updated 1 year ago
Was this helpful?
