<!-- Source: https://docs.neox.vn/docs/disbursement/integration/request-disbursement-api -->

  * This is the API to create the disbursement requests. 
  * Sequence Diagram 


  * API: 
    * Path: /v2/dib/disbursementRequests 
    * Method: POST 
    * Request: Content-Type: application/json 
  * Request Parameter


Parameter
Data Type 
Required
Description
requestId 
String 
UUID is generated by merchant. (Unique) 
Exp:“90e7340b-5cbe-4ce7-886f-55181040af4f” 
transactions 
Array
[TransactionItem]
List of disbursement transactions 
  * ### 
TransactionItem


Parameter
Data Type 
Required
Description
amount 
Number 
The disbursement amount in VND (integer) 
bankSwiftCode 
String 
Swift Code of the receiving bank. 
bankAccountNumber 
String 
The bank account number of the receiver. 
bankAccountName 
String 
The bank account name of the receiver. 
description 
String
The description of disbursement ([a-zA-Z0-9 _-])
bankBranchName 
String 
The branch name of the receiving bank. 
requestTransId 
String 
The Unique ID of disbursement transaction is provided by the merchant (when submitting the request). 
srcAmount 
Number 
The amount - foreign currency (different from VND). Which will be deducted from pre-fund account 
srcCurrency 
String 
The prefund account currency. 
fxRate 
Number 
The exchange rate between the srcCurrency against the VND 
  * Response Data


Parameter
Data Type 
Description
code 
Number 
System’s error code refer to 
message 
String 
Error description 
data 
Object 
Data response, refer to [DisbursementRequestRespData](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/disbursement/integration/response-data-structure)
[PreviousGet merchant profile APIchevron-left](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/disbursement/integration/get-merchant-profile-api)[NextGet disbursement transaction APIchevron-right](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/disbursement/integration/get-disbursement-transaction-api)
Last updated 1 year ago
Was this helpful?
