<!-- Source: https://docs.neox.vn/docs/payment-gateway/transaction-management/ipn -->

### 
Instant Payment Notification
Merchant can get payment result via IPN (Instant Payment Notification).
Merchant needs to build a RESTful API to receive data from NeoX after the transaction is completed. This API must be registered to NeoX before the payment is made
Method: POST
Data refer to .
Merchant has to respond to NeoX following the structure when receiving IPN.
#### 
Process Flow
### 
How to verify the IPN
**How to validate neo_SecureHash**
  * Format: hex string, 64 characters, uppercase
  * Using cryptographic hash function SHA256


#### 
How to build
  * Input is all parameters on _PaymentURL_ or _ReturnURL_.
  * Only use parameters that start with prefix neo_.
  * String must be sorted in alphabetical order base on parameter name.
  * NeoX will provide a Secret Key to merchant to hash.


#### 
IPN verification
Merchant needs to build a hashed string follow above guide and compare to received _neo_SecureHash_ parameter
### 
NeoX's IPN data
Parameter
Data type
Description
neo_MerchantCode
String
The merchant code is provided by NeoX.
neo_Currency
String
Refer to 
neo_Locale
String
The language will use on payment page, support: “vi”, “en".
neo_Version
String
Payment gateway version, “1” as default
neo_Command
String
"PAY" as default.
neo_Amount
Number
Order amount.
neo_MerchantTxnID
String
Transaction ID is provided by merchant, it must be unique on merchant’s system and on each request, accept only characters, numerics and list of symbols: “-”, “_”.
neo_OrderID
String
Order ID of the transaction, only accept characters, numerics and list of symbols: “-”, “_”.
neo_OrderInfo
String
Order information, max length 256
neo_TransactionID
String
Unique - Transaction ID is generated by NeoX.
neo_PayToken
String
Using for service
neo_ResponseCode
Number
Result of transaction: 0: transaction success != 0: transaction failed, refer to 
neo_ResponseMsg
String
Error description.
neo_SecureHash
String
Use **SHA256** to hash the above parameters (sort the key by Alphabet order) + Secret Key (is provided by NeoX after actual integrating).
#### 
Some fields in IPN data but not using to create neo_SecureHash
Parameter
Data type
Description
neo_TransAmount
number
Transaction amount (partial payment).
neo_ExtData
Object
Extra data of transaction.
### 
Merchant response
Parameter
Data type
Description
respcode
Number
  * 0: Successful, merchant received IPN.
  * 1: Failed, NeoX will retry the IPN. 


respmsg
String
Error message. Default is “ _received_ ”
[PreviousCancelchevron-left](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/payment-gateway/transaction-management/cancel)[NextError Codeschevron-right](https://docs.neox.vn/docs/payment-gateway/transaction-management/error-codes)
Last updated 1 year ago
Was this helpful?
